About Morningstar:

    1. morningstar is global leader in provide research data and analysis about inverstments. 
    2. morningstar serve trasperant, relaiable and accessable inverstment information to customers.
    3. morningstar has 60 external products to help investors and financial advisors.
    4. morningstar recently lanched AI assistant tool name 'MO' and it is built using LangGraph's 
        multi-agent workflows.

What is MO?

    1. MO is an itelligence engine and it is built using LangGraph's multi-agent workflows.
    2. Mo scales around entire organization data for find right information to inverstors.
    3. Mo is designed to cater specific needs of users for each morningstar products.
    4. Before MO inverstor needs to navigate through 100s of morningstar rearch articles to make informed 
        investment decisions. Now with MO, it gather information and gives actualable and verifiable information
        to the investors

What is LangGraph's multi-agent workflows?

    LangGraph's multi-agent workflows involve using a graph-based structure to define how multiple AI 
    agents, each with their own unique capabilities, interact and collaborate to achieve a common goal. 
    In essence, LangGraph allows you to model complex workflows by representing agents as nodes in 
    a graph and defining the relationships and flow of information between them as edges.

How many brands/products Morningstar own?
    
    Morningstar owns 5 brands, the following are morningstar brands
    1. Morningstar Data+Analytics
    2. Morningstar Wealth
    3. Morningstar Credit
    4. Morningstar Retirement
    5. Morningstar Indexes
    Among these brands each brands there are multiple products to cater investor's needs. A total of 61
    products are available for investors provided by morningstar.

What does Morningstar Data+Analytics do?

    Morningstar Data+Analytics provides investment research, data, and analytics to help investors 
    and financial professionals make informed decisions. They offer a range of services, including 
    data on managed investment products, publicly listed companies, and private capital markets, 
    as well as tools for portfolio analysis and risk management. 

    products of Morningstar Data+Analytics:

    Morningstar Direct: A global investment analysis application that is combined with Morningstar
                        data and research with analytics, data science, and productivity tools. 
    
    Morningstar Licensed Data: Coverage of registered and unregistered managed investments from 
                               around the world, global company and share class data, and exclusive 
                               analytics.
    
    Published System: Fully outsourced production of print-quality factsheets, branded digital reports, 
                      and regulatory documents.
    
    Direct Web Service: A collection of portfolio analytics and investment research APIs that can power
                        world-class online experiences that drive meaningful client engagement.
    
    Essentials: A licensing package of Morningstar ratings and intellectual property built for asset 
                managers’ marketing, sales distribution, and product teams.
    
    Licensed research: Direct access to Morningstar’s industry-leading research, delivered the way 
                       you want it.
    
    Investing Center: Empower patrons’ investment knowledge. Morningstar’s investment research center 
                      can help  library members grasp a broad range of investment opportunities.
    
    Direct Reporting: Custom reporting and distribution solutions for every stage of your business.
    
    Direct Advisory Suite: A powerful suite of capabilities designed to help financial advisors 
                           deliver great advice at scale.

What does Morningstar Wealth do?

    Morningstar Wealth provides services and technology to financial advisors and their clients, 
    aiming to improve investment outcomes and streamline operations. They offer tools for portfolio 
    construction, investment analysis, and client relationship management, all designed to help advisors 
    manage their practices more effectively and help clients achieve their financial goals. 

    products of Morningstar Wealth:

    Morningstar Investment Management: A suite of professionally managed model portfolios with separately 
                                       managed accounts, asset allocation, and outcome-based strategies to 
                                       help clients reach investment goals.
    
    Morningstar Office: A fully integrated practice and portfolio management platform for RIA firms. 
                        Advisors can combine data, insights, and tools to give personalized advice and 
                        grow their firm.
    
    ByAllAccounts: High-quality investor financial account aggregation and advisor book-of-business data 
                   to equip advisors with valuable insights for actionable financial advice and reporting.

What does Morningstar Credit do?

    Morningstar Credit provides independent credit ratings, data, and analytics solutions to empower 
    decision-makers in the credit markets. They offer insights and tools to help understand risks and 
    opportunities in structured finance transactions, financial institutions, and corporate entities. 
    Morningstar Credit aims to increase transparency and responsiveness in credit markets by leveraging 
    technology and providing timely analysis.

     products of Morningstar Wealth:

     DBRS Credit Ratings: Gain timely market insights and assess the credit risk of corporate and 
                          sovereign entities, financial institutions, and project and structured finance 
                          transactions globally. 

    DBRS RatingsNow: Reduce risk and create efficiency with automated delivery of Morningstar DBRS’ global 
                     ratings data into your company’s database with real-time, daily, or monthly updates.

    CRE Analytics: Monitor changes and trends across CMBS deals, easily find CRE opportunities, access 
                   comprehensive CMBS data, and organize all reports and deal documentation in one 
                   platform.

    Bank Analytics: Assess how changes in underlying financials and company and market parameters might 
                    affect the credit risk of a financial institution with an easy-to-use interactive tool.

    Corporate Analytics: Evaluate the credit risk on your portfolio of global corporate entities using the 
                         latest financial data and forecasts from Morningstar—over 40,000 entities 
                         supported.

What does Morningstar Retirement do?

    Morningstar Retirement provides research- and technology-driven products and services to help 
    individuals reach their retirement goals. They offer advisory services, particularly through 
    Morningstar Investment Management LLC, to workplace retirement plans and other industry partners. 
    Their goal is to improve retirement outcomes by providing personalized advice and investment management 
    solutions.

    products of Morningstar Retirement:

    Morningstar Retirement Manager: Provide a professional retirement strategy for employees. Managed accounts 
                                    deliver personalized advice on how much to save, which investments to choose, 
                                    and when to retire. 

    Plan Advantage: Streamline your retirement plan business. Prospect and obtain pricing, manage plan lineups, 
                    and access detailed investment information all in one place.

    Advisor Managed Accounts: Take your advisory services to the next level. Attract new clients, create 
                              plan-specific investment portfolios, and connect with a wide range of recordkeepers.

    Fiduciary Services: Designed to ease fiduciary risk. Leverage Morningstar’s in-depth expertise to build 
                        diversified lineups, monitor selected funds, and create comprehensive portfolio reports.

    Target-Date Services: Build diversified portfolios with greater customization. Choose from a variety of asset 
                          classes and select a path that aligns with employees’ risk profiles.

    Center for Retirement & Policy Studies: Informing decision makers with unbiased and actionable analysis to help 
                                            improve the U.S. retirement system. The Center provides featured research, 
                                            white papers, and more.
    
    Personal Target-Date Fund Service: Modernize your target-date offerings. A personalized retirement strategy 
                                       combined with the simplicity of a target-date fund.

What does Morningstar Indexes do?

    To create robust asset allocation and measurement tools, Morningstar's research team designed the indexes to 
    satisfy the following objectives: Broadly represent the market without sacrificing investability. Consistently 
    measure stocks' value and growth orientation in line with market practitioners and stock analysts.

    products of Morningstar Indexes:



 
